all right people um Rask it again I'm
going to show you how to get granite
auto san andreas for working for your
Windows 8 and I'm a windows 8 user and
it didn't work for me
but it works for me now it's a common
problem and a lot of people have a
problem with it and I don't have a video
cam for my computer so yeah so anyway
there's san andreas for steam now this
is what I did
well what I had to do first you have to
go to the main document of Granath auto
san andreas on Steam which would
probably be you have to go to desktop or
no no no go to computer and then go to
local disk then go to Program Files
times 86 or 64 or whatever your size is
go to steam then go to steam apps then
go to common then go to Grenaa total San
Andreas
this is what I'm gonna do so far to show
you what happens when you do not have
what it does alright so this is what
happens when you first start up grant an
auto san andreas winner Windows 8 and
the problems happen that you guys have
to
all right see that it doesn't even
doesn't even pop up see that in the
flickers of course grant us andreas up
steam a we can play right
start game you go game what somehow it's
working right now
you know what all right fine
whatever the case may be okay regardless
of this they're supposed to be
usually the screen flickers it flickers
and then it turns off like it won't let
you start the game it will let you go to
the main menu that it will cut off and
then once a Windows reporting no matter
of the case for Windows 8 it does not
run so what you would need to do don't
troubleshoot compatibility you have to
go to properties and then go to a bit
about ability and then run it and then
run it as you know Vista or XP and run
as administrator those are things you
need to do and then you apply and then
you press ok and then started and watch
the main screen will pop up because it's
supposed to work for it this time this
is a word correctly see now is saying
it's already of course of course is
already running I just I just cut it off
alright yeah see the now they're playing
with me all right so we started right
started again yes
all right hold up hold up hold up hold
up all right do the same process I told
you again but do not run it as
administrator I will put the steps on
the description so you know but make
sure you still run it as Windows Vista
exit out of that go to steam make sure
you get the big window the library not
fancy san andreas and you play right and
now watch begin screens gonna pop up see
because it's supposed to run for it and
that it should work for Windows 8 users
now just like that so if this helped and
this hope you guys like and subscribe or
tell me more detailed problems that's
going on and I will help you out more
all right see